and then I bring you guys in the video
today is from code a wr for you and the
Today video I have to talk to
you are several things and public in a serious
and seductive and believes that this video
where is the power to warn but is
speaking because I'm recording ii
the first thing she said because
when I'm recording that it's also the
problems here on the channel and I'm in this year
2015 voted to end problems
once and for all put a stop to it
right and address so I can return to
record a good but lively
I recorded in this horrible voice of
depression does not touch
The first one is talking because I'm
recording the budget by closing more
blog too so that we can leave a
little head said
Did you know about a blog?
downloads that was created in 2010 is that
said she had more things
formerly a faithful month of games in the
Download face
I just solved the points and we took
impossible to leave the blog totally good
because the links fall a lot right?
everyone downloading these things and over there
I decided to take and leave TV series only
and even when it started to move a
little and this year also starting and
enough to be able to make it well
organized really cool and purple on today
this year 2015 he will complete five years
and completes the school pm until today I intend
have to always mess with him
always something that is where I did not
I could do one learns alone I leave
cool cool blog for you
and there are people who like to watch online
this things
I particularly prefer to download because
get down and watch how many
sometimes you want without
danger of letting the internet fall
to brake
I really like the blog, I really wanted to.
that you deposit the exchange for this
distinction
It will be cool if I promise the channel.
also and only then are these problems here
with the theme a channel that will return to the
Normal if it does not come back good
watch the video at 60fps and another voice
sings speaking is about a little about
this code is people and this water that
I'm using it in the video they 're watching.
I like to use this is the video password
past for those who did not see does not look
the channel and the waters that I do not like is just
that she is the ray form is that the
person kills every meter and even his male
that the motorcyclist of that milky weapon
law really kills easy but does not have
grace right out killing everyone so
They think it's a fuck, but it's actually
kagan bathroom is just saving your business
also do not like to become champion
business a lot of walking by map killing
and also dying that I do not care because
It's normal, right?
everybody dies and this match is
seeing is that really in the good was not
as doubt and past that I can
play better and try to catch a little
it is also not noticed during the video
edited a bad quality I hope
you like
she also talks about the equipment that
bought the game set on the ranking IDEB
that deal there
already in the band will receive the keyboard Colombia
keyboard is good
I liked the keyboard mouse only on the notebook
Because I did not know what happened.
that I put in the guarujá fito there
interference is unlikely to be
against your mistake, right from my office is fine
ancient right
but I'm going to see this fight this happens
Light cold in time can change clothes
For me, it's also about expanding a
48 maximum area my plate 6 78m
despite it being old and recommends metro
because I've known him for many years and
I do not know much, I trust a lot in my
I do not think it was him.
that packed again
After I 've moved, never again.
problem
I'm going to take it with him, I think
February the léo and end pipe cabinet
new k is everything when you notice new
and lacked now talk headset will
let's take a look at the description here
site time 70 write does not have
no kind of partnership with anyone in
nothing even with store I actually bought
talk cheap at the end of the year
also bought the glasses wins, is that
those glasses to play and such
It's okay, I just did not buy it
game set
I bought it on the website. It 's cool, I'll go.
let the description here
I'll leave the glasses I also bought is and
is proven is good that mission in the use
He's going to play too but I also use
He tells you that it can be when the
light off the user watch series
movies not to force too much to see it
is proven really does not make the sight
I only think to watch movies
General play series liked it worth the
penalty also completed in the promotion
I think I said everything on video
today at the gala is almost finished
gameplay
I do not know if I say that traffic
nagata the expansion in this jackie round
This explained that you spoke with everything.
thing can comment here send message
on facebook, I always respond to this
event staff in the next video value
went